CODEPEN 


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Coding with meaning - giving our code a organization
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML or Hyper-Text-Markup-Language is for the content. It provides the website with structure
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Tells the browser what to do with the tag, and defines a tag's purpose. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 is to tell search engines the title of the page, and should only be used once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        anchor tag (a) and input (input)
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <!DOCTYPE html>
        <header>
            </header>
            </html>
    7. What is an id? 
        id is a selector that can only be used once per page.  It is used for very specific reasons, and it's specificty is higher than classes, universal and element selectors. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any HTML element, but can only be used on one element at a time
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        Once 
    10. What is a class?
         An HTML attribute is used to define styles for multiple elements of the same HTML page
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any HTML elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as necessary
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        add this attribute to the anchor tag: target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        Explaining a link, ref, or image, to a page reader (used primarily by internet users with disabilities) and should be used on all links, images, etc.  
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #thisIsAnId {}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section holds HTML tags, and is considered sematic. Div is indicating a division between two sections, and should be used as such. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Cascading Style Sheet: should be used for the appearance of the website you are creating. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Use an id when you are using an element only once on the page: example: h1 header. 
        Using a class will allow you to use your formatting on different elements, example: presentation of images on a page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .thisIsAClass {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
            These are when we want to select two elements which are related, using decendant, child, adjacent sibling or general sibling selectors.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        Decendant: div sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Describes a state of an element, and styles the state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: 20px;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: 5px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:uppercase; text-transform:lowercase; text-transform:capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border:1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        (cmd + /) which is /* for multiline or <!-- for single line.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        rm - it will remove it with NO warning. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It will allow you to edit versions of your repo, and during groups it will allow you to go back and search versions. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 20-30 minutes, depending on how big of a project that is. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork the assignment
        2. Collaborate with your TL
        3. Clone the repo to the terminal
        4. Create a branch of your own Name
        5. Submit a pull request


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Block element: displays the full width of the page, Inline: takes up only the width that it needs, and will sit beside other elements with inline. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        When it is positioned absolute: that means the element is positioned relative to the closest ancestor, or, it is moves with the body as it scrolls. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
        display:inline-block
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        Examples: Block: <p><h1><form> Inline: <span><input><a> Inline-Block: <button>
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        The pattern goes: 
          |  margin
          |  border
          |  padding
          v  content
          box-sizing:border-box includes padding and border in the code, so it's response rate is faster compared to the latter.


